In this lecture, we are going to explore another component for our toggling values.
WordPress has a component for rendering a checkbox.
Luckily, this component will not give us the same problems as the select control component.
It's very simple to use.
Let's try using this component for updating these show off attributes.
It's redundant, but this is a great opportunity for exploring additional components inside your editor.
Open the index dot js file.
At the top of the file, we are going to import the checkbox control component from the components package.
We've got everything we need.
Let's begin using the checkbox control component.
We are going to insert this component below the select control component.
There are four properties that were going to add.
The first property is called label.
WordPress will render a text next to the checkbox.
Let's set this property to the double underscore function with the following translated text show log
in slash register link.
Next, let's add a property called Help.
This property will display text below the checkbox.
We should use this option to tell the client if the link is displayed.
Let's use a ternary operator.
The condition will check if the show off attribute is true.
If it is, we will output the following translated text showing link.
Otherwise we will output the following text hiding link.
This property is optional.
However, I like to use this property to tell the client what will happen.
The next property is called checked.
This property will tell Guttenberg if the checkbox should be ticked.
It's the equivalent of the value property for other control components.
Let's set this property to the show off attributes.
The last property is called on change as usual.
We are going to pass in a function that accepts the new value.
Inside the body of the function.
We are going to update these show off property.
I'll be using these shorthand syntax for adding a property to an object.
We don't have to worry about type conversion by default.
The checkbox control component will emit a boolean.
You're more than welcome to check the data type.
We're finished with the checkbox.
Let's try giving it a test in the browser.
Refresh the experimental page.
We can select the block to view its settings on the sidebar, toggle the checkbox.
As we do so, the Help text will update to reflect the changes.
The checkbox control component is very similar to the toggle control component.
It's capable of toggling values for our attributes.
There isn't a difference between them besides their appearance.
We're finished with adding options to the block.
The next step is to toggle their appearance from within the editor and on the front end.
In the next lecture, let's tackle toggling the links from the block.